hey what's up you guys Marcus Vegas here
and this is your fight of TV news brief
now the dream matchup that we've all
been wanting to see and then may finally
happen but in secret late Monday night
at the UFC offices in Las Vegas and one
ring stood Anderson Silva and Jon bones
Jones and for the better part of two
hours the two went at it with only one
person there to see and witness it all
that being UFC president Dana White
now all hope is not lost as John Jones
that is all a huge favor
and released some photos and footage of
the sparring session between the two via
Instagram you go ahead and see all this
footage in the pictures over at fight of
tv.com but after watching the video
you're gonna ask yourself is John Jones
ever gonna fight Anderson Silva well
you're gonna be disappointed as John
Jones has gone on record to say that he
has no interest whatsoever in fighting
Anderson Silva a fighter in which he
looks up to and which he has quoted and
said that he doesn't want to be the guy
that beats Anderson Silva even though
Anderson Silva has lost twice already to
Chris Weidman and he doesn't want to be
the guy that loses to Anderson Silva as
well but before we could talk about any
sort of super fight between these two
fighters both these guys have huge
matchups as UFC light heavyweight
champion Jon Jones defends against
Daniel Cormier at UFC 182 and Nick Diaz
faces Anderson Silva and UFC 183 well
that does it for us over here at the
fight up TV studios make sure to tune in
to us online all the time at youtube.com
slash fight hub follow us online at
fight up TV on Facebook Twitter and
Instagram and you can follow me as well
at me llamo Marcos on Twitter and at
it's Marcos Vegas on instagram as always
on Marcos Vegas and this has been your
fight at TV news brief
you